<--------Manual Testing Interview Questions----------------------------->
Can u Give me an example of what is high severity and low severity
Can u Give me an example of what is high priority and low severity
can u explain STLC and SDLC life cycle
what is bug life cycle
How do u assign severity to a defect
How many TC's u have in Functional suite and how many TC u have in Regression suite
Can u explain what is agile ceremonies
Can u explain about your project a little bit, what are your roles and responsibilities in your project
What defect you have found in your application recently
Can u explain what are the Test data techniques
Did your developer rejected the bug raised by you??
Can u explain what is test plan document?? when do u create Test plan for your testing
How frequent you would talk to developer on the issues
What is the difference between Verification and Validation
what is the difference between Functional testing and non functional testing
WHat is the difference between Black box testing and white box testing
WHat's the difference between test scenario and test case
What are some attributes of a test case?
What are some defect reporting attributes?
Which test management tool you are using for logging the defects(JIRA)
What is test coverage
What are the different levels of testing?
What is exploratory testing?
What is the difference between regression and retesting?
What is the difference between smoke and sanity testing?
What is the requirement traceability matrix(RTM)?
What are the entry criteria and EXit  in software testing?
What is scrum?
What are the different roles in scrum?
What is a scrum meeting?
Explain TDD (Test Driven Development)

<---------------Automation Testing Interview questions-------------------------->
What's the advantage of Automation testing over Manual testing
Can we achieve 100% automation??
Do u think Automated testing is better than manual testing(NO)
How do you rate yourself in Java on a scale of 0-10
Can u explain what are all oops concepts in Java and how implemented them in your automation
When do u create a constructor and how many types of constructors we have in java
Have u ever created a framework form scratch??
Can u explain what are all the components you have in your framework
How often you are executing/ automating test cases in your project
how many test cases would you automate in a day
Can u explain what is automation test plan??
Can you implement the logic for the given problem(Coding questions)
What is the difference between Interface and Abstract method
Can we override Static method??
Why Main method is static??
What's the difference between static and non static
What is the difference between String and String buffer and String builder
What is String constant pool
Can we make parent class as private??
What's the difference between final, finally and final method
Can we create Try finally block without catch block??
How do you handle exception on java
which version of java you are using in your automation
He might ask you to correct some program mistakes by giving u a small program
how do u restrict object creation for a class(by keeping class as abstract)
how do u create your own defined/user defined exception
What are different collections u have worked on so far, can u give an example where did u use arraylist/linked list
Explain collection framework hierarchy
What's the difference between ArrayList and Linked list
Whats the differnce between Hashmap and linked hashmap
What the difference between hashset and Treeset
What's the purpose of set, can u explain set properties??
How do you sort collection elements??

------------Selenium interview questions----------------
What are different exception u have faced your project, can u give example how you have handled no such element exception
If there are 4 browsers opened, how do u navigate to specific window and perform operations on that window
what are the selenium 4.0 features
Whats the disadvantage of selenium
How do u handled mouse hover actions
How do you deal with webtables
how do u solve staleelement reference exception
How do u resolve elementclick intercepted exception
how do u select value from dropdown when u don't have select tag
How do u dela with alerts/pop ups in selenium
whats the difference between find element and findelements
whats the return type for getWindowHandles();
how do u close all the browsers
he might ask you to navigate to any website and ask you to write xpaths to check how good you are in Xpaths
what's the difference between relative xpath and absolute xpath
what are the different webdriver methods u know
Can u explain selenium hierarchy??
How do u take a screenshot of application when test case get failed
What is the javascriptexecutor interface
WHat are the different ways thru which selenium can perform click operation on a web element
what are the different waits we have, can u explain??
When do u get TImeout exception/ webdriver exception
whats the reason behind Session not created exception
whats the other way to go to specific URL apart from driver.get method
what is webelement, can u elaborate??
how do you deal with picking a date in calendar
which method help u to deal with keyboard (using Keys class)
if selenium click method failing to click on button, how do u dela with java Script executor
Same is the case with, how do you send value to text box if send keys is not working
How do u find number of anchor tags can write the code??
If dropdown is having many values, how do you select specific value
what is shadow element and how did you handle shadow element in your code
how do you supply test data to your script, can u write the excel code??
what are the different frameworks you have worked on, can u list down those??
can u explain what is Page Object model and Page factory concepts??
which methodology u use to initialize webelements, is it Page object model or page factory
how to re execute failed test cases in TestNg
Can u explain where did u different annotations in your automation framework??
What's the difference between @BeforeTest and @Before mehtod
How do u execute same scenario with different sets of data using @DatProvider annotation
How do u supply paaremeter from testng.xml file
If we want to execute set of test cases , how do u execute( using groups concept)
do u know what is priority keyword in testng? can we keep priority as -ve
how do u achieve parallel testing using testNg
how do you trigger testng.xml file from pom.xml file??
How do created webdriver object and made available across multile pages
WHich reports u r using to see the test results?? is it Extent report/ allure report??
What are the automation challenges u have faced in your automation
Did u develop any utilites/ reusable methods in yor framework??
Can you write the code to connect with Database??
What invocation count and thread count
have u ever achieved cross browser testing(executing the same tests on different browsers)
Can u explain your roles and responsibilities in your project

--------------Cucumber interview questions--------------------------
Can u define what is BDD, cucumber, how BDD is different from TDD
What are three components of cucumber framework(Feature files creation and Step definition and Runner)
whats the difference between Scenario and scenario outline
how to execute only set of scenarios from feature file
what is hooks and Background and what's the difference??
what is dataTable object in step definition
what are the different cucumber option u know, can u explain each keyword
how do execute you feature files parallel (refer selenium cucumber framework)
can u write step definition code for handling parameterization
what are the different exception u have faced in your cucumber??
how dod u trigger your project from command prompt
Have u ever worked on Jenkins?? if yes how did u integrate your automation framework in jenkins
What is hybrid framework, have u ever worked on hybrid framework










